**BLACK ORC TEAM**

**PLAYER MOVE BLOCK THROW ARMOUR ABILITY**

> **- - - Elusive:** When performing a Run action, this player

**GOBLINS (3) 6 14 6** can move adjacent to opponents, bust must end the

\* " action Open.

**BLACK ORCS (3) 4 2 5^+^ 2^+^**

**PLAYER**

**Headbutt:** If this player makes a Run action followed by a Mark
action, they can immediately make a free Block action.

**CHOSEN**

**BLOCKER (2)**

**5 2 5^+^ 2^+^**

**LINEMEN (3)**

**6**

**RUNNER**

**Safe Hands:** If this player is Knocked Down while holding the ball,
you can choose which adjacent square the ball bounces into instead of
rolling a D8.

**BLITZER**

**Offensive Specialist:** Whenever this player makes a Block action, you
can choose to re-roll the block dice.

**WITCH ELF**

**Frenzied:** After this player makes a Mark action, they can
immediately perform a free Block action.

**PLAYER**

**LINEMEN (3) 4** 1

**5^+^ 2^+^**

**RUNNER g 1**

**4^+^ 3^+^**

**Safe Hands:** If this player is Knocked Down while holding the ball,
you can choose which adjacent square the ball bounces into instead of
rolling a D8.

**BLITZER 5** 1

**4^+^ 2^+^**

**Offensive Specialist:** Whenever this player makes a Block action, you
can choose to re-roll the block dice.

**TROLLSLAYER 5** 1

**6^+^ 4^+^**

**Frenzied:** After this player makes a Mark action, they can
immediately make a free Block action.

**LINEMEN (3) 6 1 4^+^ 4^+^**

> **Handling Skills:** Whenever this player is moved into a

**THROWER 6 1 4^+^** square containing the ball, they pick it up, as
though

\" \' they were making a Run action.

> **Catcher\'s Instincts:** If this player is Open and the target

**CATCHER 8 1** of a successful Throw action (not a hand-off), they can

> make a free Run action.

**BLITZER *J \\* 3\"\*" 3 \"\' Offensive Specialist:** Whenever this
player makes a

1.  Block action, you can choose to re-roll the block dice.

**PLAYER**

**HOPEFULS (4) 5 1 4^+^ 6^+^**

> **Catcher\'s Instincts:** If this player is Open and the target

**CATCHER 5 1 4^+^** of a successful Throw action (not a hand-off), they
can

> make a free Run action.

**Hulking Brute:** When this player makes a Block action, treat results
of **Tackle** and **Smash!** as **Kerrunch!** In addition, if this
player is the target of a Block action, treat results of **Shove** as
**Miss.**

**Throw Team-mate:** This player may throw Halfling team­mates as a Throw
action (see Throw Team-mate Action, page 17).

**NECROMANTIC TEAM**

**PLAYER MOVE BLOCK THROW ARMOUR ABILITY**

**HUMAN TEAM**

**LINEMEN (3) g \| 4^+^ 3 ^+^**

**i + Handling Skills:** Whenever this player is moved into a

**THROWER 6 1** square containing the ball, they pick it up, as though

\~ " they were making a Run action.

**Catcher\'s Instincts:** If this player is Open and the target

**CATCHER 8 1** of a successful Throw action (not a hand-off), they can

> make a free Run action.

**BLITZER 7 1 4\"\*\" 3 \"\' Offensive Specialist:** When this player
makes a Block

> ^1\ 1^ action, you can choose to re-roll the Block dice.

**KHORNETEAM**

**PLAYER MOVE BLOCK THROW ARMOUR ABILITY**

**MARAUDERS (3) 6 1 4^+^ 4^+^**

[ji+]{.smallcaps} **Headbutt:** If this player makes a Run action
followed

**KHORNGOR 6 1 4^+^ 4^+^** by a Mark action, they can immediately make a
free

\' \~ Block action.

**Enforcer:** When this player makes a Block action, you must **BLOOD-
r** resolve the result of all the dice rolled, picking the order they

**SEEKERS (2) □ fc O J** are resolved in. For each knocked down result,
the opposing

> coach must make an Armour check for the target player.

**LIZARDMEN TEAM**

**PLAYER MOVE BLOCK THROW ARMOUR ABILITY**

**SKINK** [q]{.smallcaps}

**RUNNERS (2) °**

**4^+^**

**6^+^**

**Safe Hands:** If this player is Knocked Down while holding the ball,
you can choose which adjacent square the ball bounces into instead of
rolling a D8.

**CHAMELEON**

**SKINK 7**

**CATCHER**

**1**

**3^+^**

**5^+^**

**Catcher\'s Instincts:** If this player is Open and the target of a
successful Throw action (not a hand-off), they can make a free Run
action.

**SAURUS**

**BLOCKER (3)**

**6 2 6^+^ 2^+^**

**RETAINER (2) 6 1 4^+^ 4^+^**

> **Handling Skills:** Whenever this player is moved into a square
> containing the ball, they pick it up, as though they were making a Run
> action.

**BODYGUARD (2) g \|**

**5^+^**

**3^+^**

**Stand Firm:** If this player is the target of a Block action, treat
results on the block dice of **Shove** as **Miss.**

**BLITZER 7 1 4\"\*\" 3\"\*\" Offensive Specialist:** Whenever this
player makes a Block

> ^1^ action, you can choose to re-roll the block dice.

**NURCLETEAM**

**PLAYER**

**ROTTER (3) 5** 1

**6^+^ 4^+^**

**PESTIGOR g \|**

**4^+^**

**3^+^**

**Headbutt:** If this player makes a Run action followed by a Mark
action, they can immediately make a free Block action.

**BLOATER (2)**

**4**

**2**

**6^+^ 3^+^**

**Stand Firm:** If this player is the target of a Block action, treat
results on the block dice of **Shove** as **Miss.**

**GOBLIN TEAM**

**PLAYER MOVE BLOCK THROW ARMOUR ABILITY**

> **- - - Elusive:** When performing a Run action, this player

**GOBLINS (6) 6 1** can move adjacent to opponents, bust must end the

\* " action Open.

**Hulking Brute:** When this player performs a Block action, treat
results on the block dice of **Tackle** and **Smash!** results as
**Kerrunch!** In addition, if this player is the target **TROLL 4 2 5^+^
2^+^** of a Block action, treat results of **Shove** as **Miss.**

> **Throw Team-mate:** This player may throw Goblin team­mates as a Throw
> action (see Throw Team-mate Action, page 17).

**PLAYER**

**Hulking Brute:** When this player makes a Block action, treat results
of **Tackle** and **Smash!** as **Kerrunch!** In addition, if this
player is the target of a Block action, treat **OGRE (2) 5 2 5^+^ 2^+^**
results of **Shove** as **Miss.**

> **Throw Team-mate:** This player may throw Gnoblar team­mates as a
> Throw action (see Throw Team-mate Action, page 17).

**LINEMAN (3) 5 1 4^+^ 2^+^**

**Handling Skills:** Whenever this player is moved into a

**THROWER 5 1 3^+^ 3^+^** square containing the ball, they pick it up,
as though

" \' \~ they were making a Run action.

> **+ \^+ Offensive Specialist:** Whenever this player makes a
>
> \' " Block action, you can choose to re-roll the block dice.

**BIG'UN 5 2 6^+^ 2^+^**

**SKAVEN TEAM**

**PLAYER MOVE BLOCK THROW ARMOUR ABILITY**

**LINERATS (3) 7 1 4^+^ 4^+^**

**THROWER 7 1**

**3^+^ 4^+^**

**Handling Skills:** Whenever this player is moved into a square
containing the ball, they pick it up, as though they were making a Run
action.

**GUTTER RUNNER 9 \|**

**4^+^ 5^+^**

**Safe Hands:** If this player is Knocked Down while holding the ball,
you can choose which adjacent square the ball bounces into instead of
rolling a D8.

**BLITZER 7 1**

**5^+^ 3^+^**

**Offensive Specialist:** Whenever this player makes a Block action, you
can choose to re-roll the block dice.

**SNOTLINGTEAM**

**PLAYER**

**STILTYRUNNA 7 1 5^+^**

**PUMP WAGON D6 3 - 3^+^**

**War Machine:** This player may make a Run action when Marked. When
this player makes a Run action they can move adjacent to opponents and
finish the action Open or Marked. This player\'s Block action cannot be
assisted.

**PLAYER**

**Regenerate:** After the Pre-Turn sequence, but before you take your
first Player Action, if this player is prone, they can make a free
Stand-Up action.

**WOOD ELF TEAM**

**PLAYER**

**LINEMAN (3) 7 1 4^+^ 5^+^**

**Handling Skills:** Whenever this player is moved into a square
containing the ball, they pick it up, as though they were making a Run
action.

**Rush:** When this player makes a Run action, They can move adjacent to
opponents, but doing so ends the action.
